if you decide to take a difficult assignment, that may affect your relationship
with your family and friends, because you could possibly lose
that connective ity that you have with them. But the nice thing
is that we've moved forward here, technologies always advancing. And
so you know, those days where it was a little bit more challenging
to stay in touch with people. When you're on difficult assignments or
traveling all the time, it really isn't that big of an issue any more,
with with the evidence of cell phones and video cameras and e mail,
just those simple ways of staying in touch. So you have to kind
of look at what the pros and cons are. And if the pros outweigh the
cons and you go for that just kind of communicate that there may be
some challenges that picking this assignment. But in the long run,
it's gonna be best for your career. Hopefully, ultimately your family
and friends, a swell